README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <h1 align = "center">Pixelorama - your free and open-source sprite editor!</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">
    Made by Orama Interactive with the Godot Engine, written in GDScript!
</p>
 <p align="center">  
    <a href="https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama.svg" alt="Code Size" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama.svg" alt="Repository size" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/GTMtr8s">
        <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/645793202393186339/embed.png" alt="Discord Chat" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://crowdin.com/project/pixelorama">
        <img src="https://badges.crowdin.net/pixelorama/localized.svg" alt="Crowdin Localized %" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Calinou/awesome-godot">
        <img src="https://awesome.re/mentioned-badge.svg" alt="Mentioned in Awesome Godot" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama.svg" alt="License" />
    </a>
</p>
 
[![Pixelorama's UI](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/cc6108_ccec89c37b3d425da4f03776160c859c~mv2.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DULv-jzueRw&list=PLVEP1Zz6BUpBiQC0CB6eNBhhLF4tEwBB-&index=7)

Make sure to visit our website for more information! https://www.orama-interactive.com/pixelorama
Join our Discord community server​ where we can discuss about Pixelorama and all our other projects! https://discord.gg/GTMtr8s

If you like, consider helping us by sponsoring this project! It would enable us to focus more on Pixelorama, and make more projects in the future!

You can also support the development on patreon: [![Become a Patron!](https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png)](https://patreon.com/OramaInteractive)

## Download
- [Itch.io (Windows, Linux & Mac)](https://orama-interactive.itch.io/pixelorama)
- [GitHub Releases (Windows, Linux & Mac)](https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama/releases)
- [Flathub (Linux)](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.orama_interactive.Pixelorama)
- [Snap Store (Linux)](https://snapcraft.io/pixelorama)

## Documentation
Coming soon!

## Dependencies
Pixelorama uses Godot 3.2. As of right now, all of the code is written using GDScript, so the mono version of Godot is not required, but Pixelorama should also work with it.

## Current features as of version v0.6.2:

- Choosing between 6 tools – pencil, eraser, fill bucket, lighten/darken, color picker and rectangle select – and mapping them to both of your left and right mouse buttons.
- Are you an animator? Then you've come to the right place! Pixelorama has its own animation timeline with Onion Skinning just for you!
- Different colors, brush sizes and brush types for each of the mouse buttons.
- Custom brushes! Load your brushes from files or select them in your project with the selection tool, and they will get stored in `.pxo` files!
- Random custom brushes! Every time you draw, expect to see a different random result!
- Pixelorama has a multiple layer system! You can add, remove, move up and down, clone and merge as many layers as you like! You can also rename them, and change their opacity!
- Import images and edit them inside Pixelorama. If you import multiple files, they will be added as individual animation frames. Importing spritesheets is also supported.
- Export your gorgeous art as `PNG` files. Exporting your projects as spritesheets is also possible.
- Save and open your projects as Pixelorama's custom file format, `.pxo`
- Undo/Redo support!
- Multiple theme support! Choose a theme from Dark, Gray, Godot, Gold and Light!
- Horizontal & vertical mirrored drawing!
- Tile Mode for pattern creation!
- Split screen mode to see your masterpiece twice! And a mini canvas preview area to see it thrice!
- Create straight lines for pencil, eraser and the lighten/darken tool by pressing `Shift`. If you also press `Control`, you can constrain angles with a step of 15.
- Generate outlines for your images!
- Υou can zoom in and out with the mouse scroll wheel, and pan by clicking it, or by pressing `Space`!
- Keyboard shortcuts! We're pretty sure this is a lifesaver for most of you.
- Rulers and guides!
- Creating a new canvas with a size of your choosing.
- Scale, crop, rotate, flip, color invert and desaturate your images!
- English, Greek, German, French, Polish, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Traditional and Simplified Chinese, Italian, Spanish and Latvian localization support!

Commit message:

Update README and Changelog
Replaced "Dependencies" with "Cloning Instructions" in README.md, to add more info on how to clone the repo and get the gif exporter submodule.

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <h1 align = "center">Pixelorama - your free and open-source sprite editor!</h1>
</p>
<p align="center">
    Made by Orama Interactive with the Godot Engine, written in GDScript!
</p>
 <p align="center">  
    <a href="https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama.svg" alt="Code Size" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama.svg" alt="Repository size" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://discord.gg/GTMtr8s">
        <img src="https://discordapp.com/api/guilds/645793202393186339/embed.png" alt="Discord Chat" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://crowdin.com/project/pixelorama">
        <img src="https://badges.crowdin.net/pixelorama/localized.svg" alt="Crowdin Localized %" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Calinou/awesome-godot">
        <img src="https://awesome.re/mentioned-badge.svg" alt="Mentioned in Awesome Godot" />
    </a>
    <a href="https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama/blob/master/LICENSE">
        <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama.svg" alt="License" />
    </a>
</p>
 
[![Pixelorama's UI](https://static.wixstatic.com/media/cc6108_ccec89c37b3d425da4f03776160c859c~mv2.png)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DULv-jzueRw&list=PLVEP1Zz6BUpBiQC0CB6eNBhhLF4tEwBB-&index=7)

Make sure to visit our website for more information! https://www.orama-interactive.com/pixelorama
Join our Discord community server​ where we can discuss about Pixelorama and all our other projects! https://discord.gg/GTMtr8s

If you like, consider helping us by sponsoring this project! It would enable us to focus more on Pixelorama, and make more projects in the future!

You can also support the development on patreon: [![Become a Patron!](https://c5.patreon.com/external/logo/become_a_patron_button.png)](https://patreon.com/OramaInteractive)

## Download
- [Itch.io (Windows, Linux & Mac)](https://orama-interactive.itch.io/pixelorama)
- [GitHub Releases (Windows, Linux & Mac)](https://github.com/Orama-Interactive/Pixelorama/releases)
- [Flathub (Linux)](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.orama_interactive.Pixelorama)
- [Snap Store (Linux)](https://snapcraft.io/pixelorama)

## Documentation
Coming soon!

## Cloning Instructions
Pixelorama uses Godot 3.2, so you will need to have it in order to run the project.
As of right now, most of the code is written using GDScript, so the mono version of Godot is not required, but Pixelorama should also work with it.
Pixelorama uses a GDNative addon for gif exporting, since it's not possible to do it natively with Godot. In order to ensure that your clone works properly, you will need to use the command `git submodule update --init` right after you clone.
Note that the addon only works in Windows and Linux platforms, for the time being. Pixelorama should run without it fine on other platforms. 

## Current features as of version v0.6.2:

- Choosing between 6 tools – pencil, eraser, fill bucket, lighten/darken, color picker and rectangle select – and mapping them to both of your left and right mouse buttons.
- Are you an animator? Then you've come to the right place! Pixelorama has its own animation timeline with Onion Skinning just for you!
- Different colors, brush sizes and brush types for each of the mouse buttons.
- Custom brushes! Load your brushes from files or select them in your project with the selection tool, and they will get stored in `.pxo` files!
- Random custom brushes! Every time you draw, expect to see a different random result!
- Pixelorama has a multiple layer system! You can add, remove, move up and down, clone and merge as many layers as you like! You can also rename them, and change their opacity!
- Import images and edit them inside Pixelorama. If you import multiple files, they will be added as individual animation frames. Importing spritesheets is also supported.
- Export your gorgeous art as `PNG` files. Exporting your projects as spritesheets is also possible.
- Save and open your projects as Pixelorama's custom file format, `.pxo`
- Undo/Redo support!
- Multiple theme support! Choose a theme from Dark, Gray, Godot, Gold and Light!
- Horizontal & vertical mirrored drawing!
- Tile Mode for pattern creation!
- Split screen mode to see your masterpiece twice! And a mini canvas preview area to see it thrice!
- Create straight lines for pencil, eraser and the lighten/darken tool by pressing `Shift`. If you also press `Control`, you can constrain angles with a step of 15.
- Generate outlines for your images!
- Υou can zoom in and out with the mouse scroll wheel, and pan by clicking it, or by pressing `Space`!
- Keyboard shortcuts! We're pretty sure this is a lifesaver for most of you.
- Rulers and guides!
- Creating a new canvas with a size of your choosing.
- Scale, crop, rotate, flip, color invert and desaturate your images!
- English, Greek, German, French, Polish, Brazilian Portuguese, Russian, Traditional and Simplified Chinese, Italian, Spanish and Latvian localization support!
